Usage: JProtMetrics [<options>] <mol1-f fname> <mol2-f fname>
  options :
      -h
          Display the usage file.
      -a, --angular-distance
          Calculate and print the angular distance.
      --mol1-f fname
          This file must either be a PDB file or a csv file. If it is a
          PDB file it must end in the .pdb extension and conform to the
          PDB File Format Version 3.30. otherwise, the file should
          contain the distance matrix for If the file provided is csv,
          it must end in the .csv extension. The first row must contain
          the residue IDs and the rest of the file contains all pairwise
          distances between those residues.  Each row contains that
          residues distances to every other residue.
      --mol2-f fname
          The file for molecule two. The format is the same as mol1-f.
      --ls, --local-similarity
          Find the regions of local similarity between the structures
          using  a default threshold of 1.0 angstroms. These are the
          sets of residues that are internally consistent, that is, the
          intra structure distances between all residues are the same
          (that is their distance is under the default threshold of 1.0
          angstroms) in both structures. A pymol script to select and
          color these regions is printed to the screen.
      --ls-t d
          Find the regions of local similarity between the structures
          using the threshold d specified.
      --gdt
          Global Distance Test: Iteratively find the largest regions of
          similarity between the two structures under increasing
          thresholds. Print out a pymol script that selects and colors
          these regions and prints out the number and percent of
          residues within each region along with the average of the
          percents. The default thresholds are {1.0, 2.0, 4.0, 8.0}.
      --gdt-ha
          Global Distance Test - High Accuracy: the same as gdt except
          with thresholds: {0.5, 1.0, 2.0, 4.0}. Warning: This may take
          a long time to run depending on the structures.
